Update citation (#606)
adapter-hub/adapters: README.md

## Citation

If you use this library practically in your work, please consider citing our library paper [Adapters: A Unified Library for Parameter-Efficient and Modular Transfer Learning](https://arxiv.org/abs/2311.11077):

```
@misc{poth2023adapters,
      title={Adapters: A Unified Library for Parameter-Efficient and Modular Transfer Learning}, 
      author={Clifton Poth and Hannah Sterz and Indraneil Paul and Sukannya Purkayastha and Leon Engländer and Timo Imhof and Ivan Vulić and Sebastian Ruder and Iryna Gurevych and Jonas Pfeiffer},
      year={2023},
      eprint={2311.11077},
      archivePrefix={arXiv},
      primaryClass={cs.CL}
}
```

> Alternatively, if you rather want to refer to the predecessor `adapter-transformers` or reference models from the Hub and the documentation, please consider citing our initial research paper [AdapterHub: A Framework for Adapting Transformers](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.07779):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively, for the predecessor `adapter-transformers`, the Hub infrastructure and adapters uploaded by the AdapterHub team, please consider citing our initial paper: [AdapterHub: A Framework for Adapting Transformers](https://arxiv.org/abs/2007.07779)
```
